---
layout: post
title: November 05
---

* Met a fellow that may become a new, additional collaborator. He is developing
  an autonomous, robotic mini-whale and he wants it to have sonar.  In return
  for my array knowledge, he suggested that he might be able to assist me in
  developing firmware (maybe during December, he seems too busy for the next
  month).
* I spend a lot of time thinking about how to repurpose Don Hummels' libece-486
  for more channels; I've been thinking about it on and off nearly every day
  since I re-read it recently.
* Flipped through a copy of Van Trees' *Optimum Array Processing* this
  afternoon.  I will need it to help me quantify the error of the
  system I will build. I imagined receiving the entire series for Christmas, I
  was wearing red, flannel pajamas, I was sitting in front of the Christmas
  tree and I held them in my arms, and said something like, "This is so
  WONDERFUL!", and there was a fireplace in the background where I could sit
  and learn all about detection, estimation, and modulation theory, and I had a
  mug of cocoa to drink and there was Christmas music playing in the background
  and all was well.  And then I remembered that I have a two-year-old, and I
  imagined her "decorating" all the pages (there are a lot of pages) and then I
  decided that I would have to keep them at work.  :(
* Wrote ADC related code for PSAS. The rocket control software needs to check
  on several batteries and I am in charge of the code for doing so. It is good
  practice for ChibiOS use.
